README.md, before:

# Lost&Found
A Laravel based site to help people find their lost items :)

**NOTE: This is still a work in progress!**

Up-to-date preview: https://lostandfound.idevele.com

Basically, Lost&Found will be a service which will help people who lost (or something was stolen from them) or found something in a given area. It is not limited to a certain location, so it can be easily used internationally.

At the moment, I'm mainly working on the backend, and the frontend is a raw afterthought. It will be refactored and polished once I finish most of the work in the backend.

**What's working for now?**

- Geolocating and Google Maps integration
- Adding an item
- Uploading images
- Notification emails in case someone submits an item in a certain distance from a location

**What's still left to do till a beta release?**
- Moderation. As for now, it will only feature a minimal moderation method, but a more advanced administration is planned. 
- Editing and deleting an item
- Some commands, f.e. for deleting expired stuff
- Frontend design - both desktop and mobile
- Tests

Commit message:

The old moderation was replaced by a more secure based on Laravel's Authentication. The moderator's email has to be specified in .env. Notification emails go out on activation. Deactivation is also possible. Bit of refactoring and bug fixing.

README.md, after:

# Lost&Found
A Laravel based site to help people find their lost items :)

**NOTE: This is still a work in progress!**

Up-to-date preview: https://lostandfound.idevele.com

Basically, Lost&Found will be a service which will help people who lost (or something was stolen from them) or found something in a given area. It is not limited to a certain location, so it can be easily used globally.

Let's think big for a bit: it would be also useful as a complementary assistance for airports, bus- or railway stations, taxi companies, subways, malls, stadiums, restaurants, nightclubs, theatres, spas, beaches, etc... Any place which has a physical lost&found service. The place's management could set up a notification email, and whenever an item is lost in their area, they would be alerted.

At the moment, I'm mainly working on the backend, and the frontend is a raw afterthought. It will be refactored and polished once I finish most of the work in the backend.

**What's working for now?**

- Geolocating and Google Maps integration
- Adding an item
- Uploading images
- Notification emails in case someone submits an item in a certain distance from a location

**What's still left to do till a beta release?**
- Moderation. As for now, it will only feature a minimal moderation method, but a more advanced administration is planned. 
- Editing and deleting an item
- Some commands, f.e. for deleting expired stuff
- Frontend design - both desktop and mobile
- Tests

**Long-term plans**
- API
